Update wheelspeed input to FPB_Measurements (#48)
fixposition/fixposition_driver: README.md

## Input Wheelspeed through the driver

> The fp_ros_driver support inputing a Speed msg (`msg/Speed.msg`) through the `/fixposition/speed` topic. The Speed msg is defined as a vector of WheelSensor msgs (`msg/WheelSensor.msg`). This message is, in turn, defined as a vector of 32bit integers. You are free to fill it with either 1, 2 or 3 values, corresponding to the x, y, and z axis of your wheelspeed sensor. These velocity values should be in [mm/s], in order to have enough precision in an integer format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The fp_ros_driver supports inputting a Speed msg (`msg/Speed.msg`) through the `/fixposition/speed` topic. The Speed msg is defined as a vector of WheelSensor msgs (`msg/WheelSensor.msg`). This message is, in turn, defined as a vector of 32-bit integers. You are free to fill it with either 1, 2, or 3 values, corresponding to the x, y, and z axis of your wheelspeed sensor. These velocity values should be in [mm/s], to have enough precision in an integer format.
```

grammarly

Regarding the number of sensors that are supported, there are currently 2 options:

-   Option 1: Only one vehicle speed, corresponding to the sensor RC.
-   Option 2: 4 Values of 4 wheels, in the order of FR, FL, RR, RL

> Note that if your platform has a different number of wheels, (e.g. 2), it is possible to send to the 4 wheelspeed sensor values to the sensor. This is merely thought as a generic way to get values into the sensor. You can then choose, in the normal sensor configuration, which sensors are available, respectively, which ones to use in the fusion engine. 

Reviewer: Refactor this to be flexible and deterministic as per our discussion.

> Internally, upon arriving to the ros driver, wheelspeed measurements are converted into a FP_B-MEASUREMENTS message and sent via the TCP or serial interface to the Vision-RTK2, where they will be further processed. For more details regarding the definition FP_B-MEASUREMENTS message, please refer to the integration manual.

Reviewer: Please link this:

https://docs.fixposition.com/fd/fp_b-measurements
